Add one liner install script (#12)
GliderGeek/pocket2rm: README.md

> ## Installation

Reviewer: (not tied to this line)

i think the line "golang + dependencies" can be changed into "golang", since this script make sure that the dependencies are installed

Reviewer: while your at it, would you mind also adding "browser (necessary for OAuth2)" to the list of prerequisites? this is not really something which belows in this PR, but something i wanted to add :)

- create a pocket application: [https://getpocket.com/developer/apps/new](https://getpocket.com/developer/apps/new) to obtain a `consumerKey`. The application only needs the 'Retrieve' permission.

- clone or download this repository
- run:

```
./install.sh
```

## Remarkable software updates

> After a remarakble software update, you will need to rerun the install script:

Reviewer: I see i made a type here myself, which got copied over :)

```suggestion
After a reMarkable software update, you will need to rerun the install script:
```

```
./install.sh
```

## Reinstall

> If for soem reason you need/want to reinstall completly pocket2rm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If for some reason you need/want to reinstall pocket2rm completely :
```
